hello everyone I'm going to show you this pack
of the ps3 super sling with the game
uncharted 3 and god of war 3
is the 12 gb
so you can see the lateral
with the two covers and the console
and the other side
here we have
well let's open it
and inside will be the other box
in this we have the two games here in
a corner I'm going to take it out
here is a charter 3
and here to the bottom to see if I can get it out
resist now
god of war 3
here we have the house by the way
have
from the center
let's open it
a little bit for me
now he is
let's see what's up here
here we have the command the dualshock 3 one
of the best managers here we have the
cables the euro connector
the plug to connect it
the usb cable to charge the remote
and the pin connector of
to connect that this really does not
is going to use because I'm going to put it
the html but good
we take the play
here we have all the documentation
the papers because to see
documentation
well let's go to the important
here is the new ps3 super super slim
as you see is quite finite
colom in 20% thinner than slim
and it weighs very little
at least 30% less than going to slim
very light
I'm going to take this jealousy away so that
see how it opens
each one puts the disc on top
you see
well nothing
this is all